Docs revamp! (#705)
grafana/tempo: docs/tempo/website/configuration/s3.md

title: S3
---

> For configuration, check the storage section on the [configuration](../configuration) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For configuration options, refer to the storage section on the [configuration](../configuration) page.
```
